live: markdown report support. (#3856)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/get-started.md

See `Live.log()`, `Live.log_image()` and `Live.log_plot()` for more details.

### Report

If and when `step` is updated, DVCLive generates or updates a report in
`dvclive/report.{format}` which will contain all the logged data.

![](/img/dvclive-html.gif)

> The `format` is determied by the `report` argument passed to
> [`Live()`](/doc/dvclive/api-reference/live#parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `format` can be HTML) or Markdown depending on the value of the `report`
argument passed to
[`Live()`](/doc/dvclive/api-reference/live#parameters).
```

<admon type="info">

If you don't update the step number, the report won't be generated unless you

> call `Live.make_report()` directly.

Reviewer 2: Do you prefer `report` or `metrics report`? I see `metrics report` everywhere but here. Can we make it consistent (no strong opinion on which one to use)?
